add stat to grafana lab for baloise (#419)
puzzle/prometheus-training: content/en/docs/06/labs/62.md

{{% onlyWhen baloise %}}

### Task {{% param sectionnumber %}}.4 Add a Stat panel that uses a variable to the dashboard

**Task description**:

Add another panel to the existing `happy_little_dashboard` with the panel name `Disk Available` that uses a variable. Name the variable `disk` and label it `Select disk`. To calculate the available disk space of a certain mountpoint in percent, use the following query:
```promql
100 - ((node_filesystem_avail_bytes{mountpoint="$disk", instance="prometheus-training.balgroupit.com:9100"} * 100) / node_filesystem_size_bytes{mountpoint="$disk", instance="prometheus-training.balgroupit.com:9100"})
```
Also, change the panel type to `Stat` and display the value in %. Define the following thresholds:

```bash
0% (red)
10% (orange)
25% (green)
```

{{% details title="Hints" mode-switcher="normalexpertmode" %}}

> * Frist, we create the variable. Hit the little gear icon on the top right of the dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* First, we create the variable. Hit the little gear icon on the top right corner of the dashboard
```
